README.md, before:

# Claude Code Dev Stack v2.1 🚀

**The AI development system that turns ideas into production software. Install in 30 seconds, build anything.**

[![Agents](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI_Agents-28-blue)](./.claude-example/agents)
[![Commands](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slash_Commands-18-green)](./.claude-example/commands) 
[![MCPs](https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP_Tools-3-orange)](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)
[![Hooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation_Hooks-13-red)](./.claude-example/hooks)

## 📚 Documentation

### 🚀 Getting Started
- **[Installation](docs/getting-started/INSTALLATION.md)** - One-line installers
- **[Quick Start](docs/getting-started/QUICK_START.md)** - 60 seconds to building
- **[First Project](docs/getting-started/FIRST_PROJECT.md)** - Step-by-step guide

### 📖 Reference
- **[All 28 Agents](docs/reference/AGENT_REFERENCE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/agents/)
- **[All 18 Commands](docs/reference/COMMAND_REFERENCE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/commands/)
- **[Hooks System](docs/reference/HOOKS_GUIDE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/hooks/)
- **[MCP Tools](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)** - Minimal 3-tool approach

### 🧠 Guides
- **[Best Practices](docs/guides/BEST_PRACTICES.md)** - Peak performance
- **[Meta Prompting](docs/guides/META_PROMPTING.md)** - Complex projects
- **[Architecture](docs/architecture/)** - System design

### 💡 Resources
- **[Examples](examples/)** - Real-world usage
- **[Master Prompts](master-prompts/)** - Ready templates
- **[Industry Templates](prompts/industry-templates/)** - Specific sectors

### 🛠️ Tools
- **[Platform Tools](platform-tools/)** - OS-specific tools
  - **[Windows](platform-tools/windows/)** - PowerShell scripts
  - **[Linux](platform-tools/linux/)** - Bash scripts  
  - **[macOS](platform-tools/macos/)** - Mac scripts
- **[Utilities](scripts/)** - Helper scripts

## ⚡ Quick Install

### Windows PowerShell
```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/installers/install-all.ps1 | iex
```

### Linux/WSL
```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/installers/install-all.sh | bash
```

### macOS
```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/installers/install-all-mac.sh | bash
```

## 🏗️ The 4-Stack System That Changes Everything

### 1. 🤖 28 AI Agents - Your Expert Team
```bash
@agent-system-architect    # Designs your architecture
@agent-backend-engineer    # Builds your APIs
@agent-frontend-architect  # Creates your UI
@agent-database-architect  # Models your data
# ... 24 more specialists
```
[View all agents →](docs/reference/AGENT_REFERENCE.md)

### 2. 💬 18 Slash Commands - Instant Workflows
```bash
/new-project      # Start any project type
/backend-service  # Create REST APIs instantly
/frontend-mockup  # Design UIs in seconds
/database-design  # Model complex schemas
# ... 14 more workflows
```
[View all commands →](docs/reference/COMMAND_REFERENCE.md)

### 3. 🔌 3 MCPs - Just What You Need
- **Playwright** - Automated browser testing
- **Obsidian** - Knowledge management
- **Brave Search** - Real-time research

[Learn about MCPs →](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)

### 4. 🪝 13 Hooks - Automation Magic
- Session persistence (never lose context)
- Smart agent routing (right expert every time)
- Quality enforcement (consistent standards)
- Cost optimization (60% savings on API costs)

[Understand hooks →](docs/reference/HOOKS_GUIDE.md)

## 🚀 Start Building in 60 Seconds

```bash
# After installation, just:
claude-code .

# Then create anything:
/new-project "E-commerce platform" @agent-system-architect @agent-database-architect
```

## 💡 Quick Examples

### Build a Complete API
```bash
/backend-service "User management API with JWT auth" @agent-backend-engineer @agent-security-architect
```

### Create a Modern UI
```bash
/frontend-mockup "Dashboard with real-time charts" @agent-frontend-architect @agent-ui-ux-designer
```

### Full Stack Application
```bash
/new-project "SaaS platform" @agent-ai-architect @agent-full-stack
```

[More examples →](examples/)

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/
├── .claude-example/          # ✨ Ready-to-use configuration
├── platform-tools/           # 🚀 OS-specific installers
├── docs/                     # 📚 Comprehensive documentation
├── examples/                 # 💡 Real-world examples
├── master-prompts/           # 🎯 Production templates
└── UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md  # 🧠 The secret sauce
```

## 🔧 Component Installation

Install individual components if needed:

**Agents Only:**
```bash
# Windows
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/installers/install-agents.ps1 | iex

# Mac  
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/installers/install-agents-mac.sh | bash

# Linux
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/installers/install-agents.sh | bash
```

[View all installers →](platform-tools/)

## 🗑️ Uninstall

```bash
# Windows
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/uninstallers/uninstall-all.ps1 | iex

# Mac
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/uninstallers/uninstall-all-mac.sh | bash

# Linux
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/uninstallers/uninstall-all.sh | bash
```

## 🚦 Support

- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/discussions)
- 📚 [Wiki](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/wiki)
- 📖 [Documentation](docs/)

## 📚 Essential Reading

- 🧠 **[Universal Meta Prompting](UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md)** - Generate perfect prompts
- 📖 **[Complete System Guide](CLAUDE_CODE_STACK_SUMMARY.md)** - How everything works
- 🎯 **[Best Practices](docs/guides/BEST_PRACTICES.md)** - Peak performance patterns
- 🔧 **[Customization](docs/guides/CUSTOMIZATION.md)** - Extend the stack

## ⚖️ License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Ready to 10x your development speed?</strong><br>
  Run the installer above and start building! 🎉
</p>

*Version 2.1 - Perfected January 2025*

Commit message:

docs: Add prominent links to Meta Prompting Guide and System Summary in README
  Make essential documentation more discoverable by adding prominent sections
  at the top of the main README:

  - Added Universal Meta Prompting Guide section with:
    - Step-by-step usage instructions
    - Clear value proposition
    - Direct links to the guide

  - Added Complete System Guide section with:
    - Overview of what's covered
    - Key benefits and metrics
    - Target audience information

  These critical documents are now impossible to miss, helping users:
  1. Generate perfect Claude Code prompts (Meta Guide)
  2. Understand the complete 4-stack system (System Summary)

  Better onboarding experience for new users who need these guides first.

README.md, after:

# Claude Code Dev Stack v2.1 🚀

**The AI development system that turns ideas into production software. Install in 30 seconds, build anything.**

[![Agents](https://img.shields.io/badge/AI_Agents-28-blue)](./.claude-example/agents)
[![Commands](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slash_Commands-18-green)](./.claude-example/commands) 
[![MCPs](https://img.shields.io/badge/MCP_Tools-3-orange)](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)
[![Hooks](https://img.shields.io/badge/Automation_Hooks-13-red)](./.claude-example/hooks)

## 🧠 Universal Meta Prompting Guide

**Generate perfect Claude Code prompts in any AI!** The [Universal Meta Prompting Guide](UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md) is your secret weapon for complex projects.

**How to use:**
1. Open any AI (ChatGPT, Claude.ai, Gemini, etc.)
2. Copy & paste the entire [UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md](UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md)
3. Describe your project requirements
4. Receive a perfectly orchestrated Claude Code prompt
5. Run it in Claude Code and watch the magic happen!

**Example:** Turn "I need a SaaS platform" into a complete development plan with the right agents, commands, and workflow.

## 📖 Complete System Guide

**Master the 4-Stack System!** The [Claude Code Stack Summary](CLAUDE_CODE_STACK_SUMMARY.md) is your comprehensive guide to understanding how everything works together.

**What's inside:**
- **The 4-Stack System Explained** - How agents, commands, MCPs, and hooks integrate
- **All 28 Agents Detailed** - Complete list with examples and power combinations
- **All 18 Commands Explained** - Every workflow at your fingertips
- **Performance Patterns** - Achieve 10x speed and 60% cost savings
- **Real Metrics** - Proven results from production usage

**Perfect for:** Understanding the system, training your team, maximizing performance, and building like a pro.

[Read the Complete System Guide →](CLAUDE_CODE_STACK_SUMMARY.md)

## 📚 Documentation

### 🚀 Getting Started
- **[Installation](docs/getting-started/INSTALLATION.md)** - One-line installers
- **[Quick Start](docs/getting-started/QUICK_START.md)** - 60 seconds to building
- **[First Project](docs/getting-started/FIRST_PROJECT.md)** - Step-by-step guide

### 📖 Reference
- **[All 28 Agents](docs/reference/AGENT_REFERENCE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/agents/)
- **[All 18 Commands](docs/reference/COMMAND_REFERENCE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/commands/)
- **[Hooks System](docs/reference/HOOKS_GUIDE.md)** | [Browse](.claude-example/hooks/)
- **[MCP Tools](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)** - Minimal 3-tool approach

### 🧠 Guides
- **[Best Practices](docs/guides/BEST_PRACTICES.md)** - Peak performance
- **[Meta Prompting](docs/guides/META_PROMPTING.md)** - Complex projects
- **[Architecture](docs/architecture/)** - System design

### 💡 Resources
- **[Examples](examples/)** - Real-world usage
- **[Master Prompts](master-prompts/)** - Ready templates
- **[Industry Templates](prompts/industry-templates/)** - Specific sectors

### 🛠️ Tools
- **[Platform Tools](platform-tools/)** - OS-specific tools
  - **[Windows](platform-tools/windows/)** - PowerShell scripts
  - **[Linux](platform-tools/linux/)** - Bash scripts  
  - **[macOS](platform-tools/macos/)** - Mac scripts
- **[Utilities](scripts/)** - Helper scripts

## ⚡ Quick Install

### Windows PowerShell
```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/installers/install-all.ps1 | iex
```

### Linux/WSL
```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/installers/install-all.sh | bash
```

### macOS
```bash
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/installers/install-all-mac.sh | bash
```

## 🏗️ The 4-Stack System That Changes Everything

### 1. 🤖 28 AI Agents - Your Expert Team
```bash
@agent-system-architect    # Designs your architecture
@agent-backend-engineer    # Builds your APIs
@agent-frontend-architect  # Creates your UI
@agent-database-architect  # Models your data
# ... 24 more specialists
```
[View all agents →](docs/reference/AGENT_REFERENCE.md)

### 2. 💬 18 Slash Commands - Instant Workflows
```bash
/new-project      # Start any project type
/backend-service  # Create REST APIs instantly
/frontend-mockup  # Design UIs in seconds
/database-design  # Model complex schemas
# ... 14 more workflows
```
[View all commands →](docs/reference/COMMAND_REFERENCE.md)

### 3. 🔌 3 MCPs - Just What You Need
- **Playwright** - Automated browser testing
- **Obsidian** - Knowledge management
- **Brave Search** - Real-time research

[Learn about MCPs →](docs/reference/MCP_GUIDE.md)

### 4. 🪝 13 Hooks - Automation Magic
- Session persistence (never lose context)
- Smart agent routing (right expert every time)
- Quality enforcement (consistent standards)
- Cost optimization (60% savings on API costs)

[Understand hooks →](docs/reference/HOOKS_GUIDE.md)

## 🚀 Start Building in 60 Seconds

```bash
# After installation, just:
claude-code .

# Then create anything:
/new-project "E-commerce platform" @agent-system-architect @agent-database-architect
```

## 💡 Quick Examples

### Build a Complete API
```bash
/backend-service "User management API with JWT auth" @agent-backend-engineer @agent-security-architect
```

### Create a Modern UI
```bash
/frontend-mockup "Dashboard with real-time charts" @agent-frontend-architect @agent-ui-ux-designer
```

### Full Stack Application
```bash
/new-project "SaaS platform" @agent-ai-architect @agent-full-stack
```

[More examples →](examples/)

## 📁 Repository Structure

```
Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/
├── .claude-example/          # ✨ Ready-to-use configuration
├── platform-tools/           # 🚀 OS-specific installers
├── docs/                     # 📚 Comprehensive documentation
├── examples/                 # 💡 Real-world examples
├── master-prompts/           # 🎯 Production templates
└── UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md  # 🧠 The secret sauce
```

## 🔧 Component Installation

Install individual components if needed:

**Agents Only:**
```bash
# Windows
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/installers/install-agents.ps1 | iex

# Mac  
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/installers/install-agents-mac.sh | bash

# Linux
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/installers/install-agents.sh | bash
```

[View all installers →](platform-tools/)

## 🗑️ Uninstall

```bash
# Windows
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/windows/uninstallers/uninstall-all.ps1 | iex

# Mac
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/macos/uninstallers/uninstall-all-mac.sh | bash

# Linux
curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/main/platform-tools/linux/uninstallers/uninstall-all.sh | bash
```

## 🚦 Support

- 🐛 [Report Issues](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/issues)
- 💬 [Discussions](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/discussions)
- 📚 [Wiki](https://github.com/KrypticGadget/Claude_Code_Dev_Stack/wiki)
- 📖 [Documentation](docs/)

## 📚 Essential Reading

- 🧠 **[Universal Meta Prompting](UNIVERSAL_META_PROMPTING_GUIDE.md)** - Generate perfect prompts
- 📖 **[Complete System Guide](CLAUDE_CODE_STACK_SUMMARY.md)** - How everything works
- 🎯 **[Best Practices](docs/guides/BEST_PRACTICES.md)** - Peak performance patterns
- 🔧 **[Customization](docs/guides/CUSTOMIZATION.md)** - Extend the stack

## ⚖️ License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Ready to 10x your development speed?</strong><br>
  Run the installer above and start building! 🎉
</p>

*Version 2.1 - Perfected January 2025*
